 Lemme help you before you ppl ask for info...
This will be an MLM(multilevel marketing) scheme
which for those that don't know is the new LEGAL term for a pyramid scheme(which is now illegal).
these people recruit you to sell a product no one wants, some even go so far as to ask you to change your whole personal facebook look, to make you look more successful.
you will probably not make a penny but will be asked to buy products yourself. One example being "Amazing Whitening toothpaste" at £25 a tube ... yep, that's right £25.
You’ve probably already heard of countless companies that depend on MLM to sell their wares, and the very mention of some of these names might reveal why the “success” of the business is the focus, rather than the product:
Amway — according to Eric Scheibeler, a former “Emerald” level Amway member: “UK Justice Norris found in 2008 that out of an IBO [Independent Business Owners] population of 33,000, ‘only about 90 made sufficient incomes to cover the costs of actively building their business.’ That’s a 99.7 percent loss rate for investors.”
Arbonne — an investigation by a British tabloid raised questions about the long-term sustainability of Arbonne as recently as 2014: “Presumably those 32,768 new recruits would each like 32,768 people in their network, which might be tricky because that would require more than 1,000 million people.”
Avon — there are pages of complaints (and a generally unfavorable rating) regarding the massive costs involved in building business versus potential returns on ConsumerAffairs.com.
Herbalife — The Huffington Post published an article in 2013 which the author claims Herbalife is little more than a pyramid scheme: “According to the distributors and former distributors that I have spoken to, most lose between $1,000 and $10,000 with the average distributor losing $3,000.”
Mary Kay — a cosmetics range that’s been called out by Forbes, among others: “The company promises their recruits riches, but everything from class action lawsuits to SEC filings reveals that for most sellers, it rarely works out that way. What’s really going on is that would-be saleswomen are encouraged to invest in “product” by other saleswomen, who will then get a cut of all resulting purchases”
WorldVentures (DreamTrips/Rovia) — A prominent New York newspaper published an in-depth investigation of WorldVentures inner workings in 2012: “According to WorldVentures’ own income disclosure statement … 73.7 percent of reps fail to earn a commission and only 0.102 percent earn a yearly income above the poverty level. The average rep earns $325 in a year. That doesn’t account for the price of joining or the cost of training events.
Be aware if they don't give info in the post itself it is probably an MLM. Steer clear "Motivated Girls"